Q1:
Answer:
The main difference between the CSS Flexbox layout model and the CSS Grid layout model lies in their design and use cases.

Flexbox:

One-Dimensional Layout: Flexbox is designed for one-dimensional layouts, either in a row or a column.
Content Order: It focuses on the distribution of items along a single axis (either horizontally or vertically).
Dynamic Content: Ideal for dynamic content where the size of items is unknown or variable.
Responsive Design: It is commonly used for building responsive and flexible layouts within a container.


.container {
  display: flex;
  /* flex-direction: row (default) or column */
}


Grid:

Two-Dimensional Layout: Grid is designed for two-dimensional layouts, providing both rows and columns.
Cell-based Structure: It works with a grid-based system, allowing precise placement of items in both rows and columns.
Complex Layouts: Ideal for complex layouts where you need to align items both horizontally and vertically.
Fixed-size Layouts: Useful when dealing with a fixed-size grid and when you have a clear understanding of the overall structure.



.container {
  display: grid;
  /* grid-template-rows, grid-template-columns, etc. for customization */
}


When to Choose:

Use Flexbox when:

You are dealing with a one-dimensional layout (either a row or a column).
You need to distribute space along a single axis, especially in a dynamic or flexible context.
You want to control the layout of items within a container, but the overall structure is less defined.
Use Grid when:

You need a two-dimensional layout with both rows and columns.
You want precise control over the placement of items in both directions.
Your layout is more grid-based, such as in a traditional website grid or complex application layout.
In many cases, a combination of both Flexbox and Grid may be used within a project to leverage the strengths of each layout
 model.
 Flexbox is often used for the items within a container, while Grid is used for the overall structure of the page or larger 
sections. The choice depends on the specific layout requirements of your project.






